feat: add delegations cli (#293)
chainbound/bolt: bolt-delegations-cli/README.md

# Bolt Delegations CLI

> `bolt-delegations-cli` is a command-line tool for generating delegation messages signed with a BLS (Boneh–Lynn–Shacham) key. This tool allows node operators to safely generate delegations offline, enabling an air-gapped workflow to secure sensitive information like validator keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bolt-delegations-cli` is an offline command-line tool for safely generating delegation messages signed with a BLS12-381 key for the [Constraints API](https://docs.boltprotocol.xyz/api/builder) in [Bolt](https://docs.boltprotocol.xyz/).
```
We're using BLS12-381 which is actually made by Barreto, Lynn and Scott.

Reviewer 2: BLS wars

The tool supports two key sources:

-   Local: A BLS private key provided directly from a file.

> -   Keystore: A keystore file that contains an encrypted BLS private key, with the set [default password](https://github.com/chainbound/bolt/blob/a935fb36d75c997a4edb834f27a56bc62eb3570c/bolt-delegations-cli/src/utils.rs#L11).

Reviewer: The password should not be set by default, that is a canonical test case for the ERC-2335. Can you reflect this also in the rest of the README?

-   Offline usage: Safely generate delegation messages in an offline environment.
-   Flexible key source: Support for both direct local BLS private keys and Ethereum keystore files (ERC-2335 format).
-   BLS delegation signing: Sign delegation messages using a BLS secret key and output the signed delegation in JSON format.

## Usage

```bash
A CLI tool to generate signed delegation messages for BLS keys

Usage: bolt-delegations-cli <COMMAND>

Commands:
  generate-local     Generate delegation messages
  generate-keystore
  help               Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
  -h, --help     Print help
  -V, --version  Print version
```

### Example

1. Using a local BLS private key:

    ```bash
    bolt-delegations-cli generate-local \
        --secret-key 0xabc123... , 0xdef456...\
        --delegatee-pubkey 0x7890ab... \
        --out my_delegations.json \
        --chain kurtosis
    ```

2. Using an Ethereum keystore file:

    ```bash
    bolt-delegations-cli generate-keystore \
        --keystore-path /keys \
        --keystore-password myS3cr3tP@ssw0rd \
        --delegatee-pubkey 0x7890ab... \
        --out my_delegations.json \

>         --chain kurtosis

Reviewer: I like the subcommands as done now, can you update this readme as well?
